good morning it is my 22nd birthday
today I've just woken up what time is it
actually don't twenty past seven in the
morning
I really didn't sleep at all last night
Mason actually came to bed at 4:00 a.m.
like what and Earth I woke up and I
think it's about like yeah ten past for
us and then and I have he's Mason and
you know you could not sit so well I
thought I can't salute you knowing so I
was like Rican fused and this orientated
so I went to the doors that place what
he doing he was up all last night like I
don't have a clue what he's been doing
downstairs there was loads of banging
about I think for now if he will be
furious that she has been kept up the
majority of the night
yeah I've been banished to stay in the
bedroom I couldn't even go down to get
my morning coffee so I think Mason is
bringing that up as I cannot function
right now like my eyes are still like
look at the coffee in bed thank you okay
right I already feel more human just at
the smell of this I think it's gonna be
a lovely day I am going to manifest some
sunshine today at some point you know
just get like 10 minutes I will be happy
and based not not to worry yeah it's
pretty unlikely so yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow
[Music]
[Applause]
this might just really like one of my
favorites and Mason made just the most
beautiful little memory book with so
many moments and stuff over the years I
don't if you tear up just going through
this but so so lovely and that is
literally full and a new camera for my
youtube videos which I've been wanting
to get for like like the longest time
ever I've got some lovely perfume from
my dad and a gorgeous like humongous
candle which is just smells amazing and
the power of now you know it's just so
thoughtful of my brother but just
literally so beyond spoil and grateful
oh when I popped that pit of the pink
balloon that hit Meg this is what was in
there and we are going horse riding I'll
explain destroy behind this but this was
in France but oh so thoughtful of Nathan
so this is the horse riding outfit it's
Jim making with these boots not my tire
thing but will we move
[Music]
and he's told that he can ride so today
we talking this is the right thing right
yeah Louis the only dustox with some
formal boots supposed to be the ride and
I like wait were you doing while you
were in those were your relatives are in
those but and uh - he's gonna be your
dress like half night out huh
[Music]
we just finished riding Mason was on
like a while as well as Roni basically
so my horse enables Wendy lovely young
lady but she's really hungry so every
time we go past W Bush we saw like loads
of like animals which in the middle of
absolutely nowhere really good fine
thank you so much yeah that was really
really cute so magic light owner and
that cake at home is calling my name
slave and
what my god I've just come to the door
here
[Music]
so I've just got quick change and we've
come to the Ivy Manchester I'm gonna
have like a nice meal this first time
match I think it is yeah into actual
Manchester you know it's not like I've
reached I still haven't actually been to
[Music]
not a strawberry
Mason is go back I agree very hot day
how
[Music]
just got back home and my eyes feel like
they're out shooting which I don't know
why I'm so tired I don't think I slept
much last night but I've just been the
most amazing birthday full of so many
blooming surprises left right center I
can't thank my lovely lovely Mason more
we should have to Louis me up I'm
honestly II like food coma diet you know
in your eyes stop growing that's true
just like so and I'm gonna see really
wrapped and Co probably just going to
get into bed now and maybe put on like a
nice movie eat some more chocolate
actually had we started diving into at
the chocolate cake that Mason got which
is just wonderful so I might even
microwave there that I'm looking at
Soochow
I purposely left out dessert when I say
something about dessert I just got like
a little birthday cake thing that came
we had that bit was very small so you
know always room for the dessert
I'm absolutely stuff but you know always
room ordering okay
and so yeah I really enjoyed this little
video and yeah just excited to put this
out of that I convey this week I've had
a few drinks and literally straight to
hurt anyway I really enjoyed it
I'd love you to stick around by
subscribing it to my channel and
everything and I'll see you in the next
video
[Music]